Life ain't nothin but money, bitches and root.
I need a girl who's name doesn't end with .JPG
I rooted your girlfriend's box, and I didn't use a trojan.
Computer security is like sex. Once your penetrated, you're pretty much f*cked.
Chicks dig guys that write recursive algorithms.
Save a filesystem -- Mount a sysadmin.
When you're caught, we're splitting up your warez.
My other computer is your linux box.
Trinity is a script kiddie.
There's no place like 127.0.0.1.
The ancestor to every action is a thought.
If you don't take care of the business, the business will take care of you.
Give me the strength to split the world in two. -Monster Magnet
Piss-poor planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine.
It takes a village to raise an idiot.
I'm not satisfied with your child's education, so, I want my money back.
The superior man thinks always of virtue; the common man of comfort. -Confucious
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance--it is the illusion of knowledge. -Daniel J Boorstin
Oppurtunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Edison
Drawing on my fine command of the english language, I  said nothing. -Robert Bentley
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. -Douglas N. Adams
His resolve is not to seem, but to be, the best.  -Aeschylus
We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.  -Aesop
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.  -Aristotle
Knowledge is power.  -Sir Francis Bacon
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.  -Charles de Gaulle
Most men are within a finger's breadth of being mad.  -Diogenes the Cynic
Imagination is more important than knowledge...   -Albert Einstein
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.   -Albert Einstein
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.   -Albert Einstein
To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.   -Albert Einstein
It's never too late to be who you might have been.   -George Eliot
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.   -George Eliot
Preach not to others what they should eat, but eat as becomes you, and be silent.   -Epictetus
Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.   -Euripides
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.   -Henry Ford
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.   -Henry Ford
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.   -Henry Ford
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.   -Henry Ford
Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to get leisure.   -Benjamin Franklin
Diplomacy without arms is like music without instruments.   -Frederick the Great
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.   -Galileo Galilei
Force has no place where there is need of skill.   -Herodotus
This is the bitterest pain among men, to have much knowledge but no power.   -Herodotus
College isn't the place to go for ideas.   -Helen Keller
Every civilization that has ever existed has ultimately collapsed.   -Henry Kissinger
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.   -Henry Kissinger
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.   -Henry Kissinger
Ask your child what he wants for dinner only if he's buying.   -Fran Lebowitz
It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it.   -Robert E. Lee
Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.   -H. P. Lovecraft
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.   -Groucho Marx
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.   -Groucho Marx
My mother loved children -- she would have given anything if I had been one.   -Groucho Marx
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.   -A. A. Milne
Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.   -Isaac Newton
Nothing is stronger than habit.   -Ovid
No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it.   -Charles M. Schulz
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.   -Harry S Truman
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.   -Frank Zappa
It ain't over 'til it's over.  -Yogi Berra
I want to thank you for making this day necessary.  -Yogi Berra
It's like déjà vu all over again.  -Yogi Berra
When you get to a fork in the road, take it.  -Yogi Berra
I didn't really say everything I said.  -Yogi Berra
Nobody goes there anymore because it's too crowded.  -Yogi Berra
We have a good time together, even when we're not together.  -Yogi Berra
Our similarities are different.  -Yogi Berra
I thought they said steak dinner, but then I found it was a state dinner...  -Yogi Berra
...It was hard to have a conversation with anyone; there were so many people talking.  -Yogi Berra
We make too many wrong mistakes.  -Yogi Berra
Slump? I ain't in no slump... I just ain't hitting.  -Yogi Berra
You can observe a lot by watching.  -Yogi Berra
It gets late early around here....  -Yogi Berra
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.  -Yogi Berra
If I didn't wake up I'd still be sleeping.  -Yogi Berra
I usually take a two hour nap from 1 to 4.  -Yogi Berra
If you don't know where you're going, you'll wind up somewhere else.  -Yogi Berra
The future ain't what it used to be.  -Yogi Berra
If they don't want to come, you can't stop them.  -Yogi Berra
Always go to other people's funerals otherwise they won't go to yours.  -Yogi Berra
Never answer an anonymous letter.  -Yogi Berra
Think! How the hell are you gonna think and hit at the same time?  -Yogi Berra
Why buy good luggage? You only use it when you travel!.  -Yogi Berra
Ninety percent of this game is half mental.  -Yogi Berra
